# Weapons and Mods
Weapons can be modified during a Rest with Mods. Mods can be purchased from vendors or stripped from existing weapons, then applied to your own.
!!!warning "Repertoire Capacity"
	Your Repertoire can only have 8 Moves in it, including Moves from all equipped weapons.
## Equipping Weapons
Weapons are either 1 or 2-handed. You may only have a number of Weapons equipped with a total "handed" value equal to your character's number of hands. For example, if your character has 3 hands, they can either equip 3 1-handed Weapons or a 1-handed Weapon and a 2-handed Weapon. You may only change what weapons you have equipped during a Rest, when you can reconfigure your Repertoire.
!!!note "Weapon Features"
	You have all the Features from all Equipped Weapons.
## Modifying Weapons
### Mod Capacity
Weapons have a Mod Capacity, which is how many Mods they can have equipped at a time. This depends on the Weapon's Anomaly Tier.

| Tier   | Capacity |
| ------ | -------- |
| I      | 0        |
| II     | 1        |
| III-IV | 2        |
| V-VI   | 3        |
| VII+   | 4        |
### Modifying Moves
There are two types of Mods: **Global Mods,** which modify all Moves on a Weapon, and **Local Mods,** which modify a single Move on the Weapon. A Move can only have 1 Local Mod targeting it at a time.
!!!note "Move Targeting"
	Mods can only target Moves from the Weapon they're attached to. If you have two of the same Weapon, you must pick which Weapon each of your Moves come from. Mods apply to individual Weapons, meaning you can build two of the same weapon differently on the same character.
### Adding and Removing Mods
Mods can be added or removed during a Rest. Adding a Mod can be done freely. Removing a Mod requires a Difficulty 3 Intellect or Wits check, taking it to a vendor (200 Sal), or purchasing a **Jury-Rig Kit** (250 Sal). Removed Mods go into your inventory.

If you choose to make the check to remove a Mod, the following results may happen:
- **Success:** you remove the Mod. It goes into your inventory.
- **Failure:** you fail to remove the Mod.
- **Boon:** Regain 1 FP as you gain some insight into how the Mod works.
- **Bane:** You break the Mod. It is nonfunctional until you take it to a vendor (200 Sal) or use a Jury-Rig Kit. Broken Mods cannot be attached to Weapons.