## Status Effects
### Bleed
At the end of your Allegiance's turn, take True Harm equal to Stacks.
### Tremor
On Break, take True Harm equal to stacks, then clear stacks.
While you have at least 1 stack of Tremor, decrease your AV by 2.
## Shock
Whenever you take an Action, take True Harm equal to stacks, then clear stacks.
While you have at least 1 stack of Shock, get -1 :material-dice-6: DIE on all Moves.
## Burn
At the end of your Allegiance's turn, take 2 True Harm.
While you have at least 1 stack of Burn, take 2 additional Harm from all sources except Burn.
## Conditions
### Bloodied
- While Bloodied, you **lose 1 Power (:material-lightning-bolt:) on all Moves**.
- While Bloodied, the effectiveness of **all healing is halved**.
- Upon healing above half HP or becoming Mortal, remove Bloodied.
### Mortal
- While Bloodied, you **lose 1 Power (:material-lightning-bolt:) on all Moves**.
- While Mortal, the effectiveness of **all healing is halved**.
- While Mortal, you **lose 3 maximum EP**.
- While Mortal, you **cannot be healed** other than through surgery, which must be purchased from a doctor.
- Upon reaching 0 HP or healing above one quarter HP, remove Mortal.
### Dying
Create a **Death Clock** with three segments. **Upon using an Action Slot, taking any amount of Harm, and every hour, roll 1d2**. On 1, you mark a segment on the Death Clock. On a 2, you continue to hold onto life.
	- When you mark your second segment on the Death Clock, you gain the **[Unconscious](04.1_Statuses_and_Conditions.md#unconscious)** Condition until healed to at least 1 HP.
	- When you mark your third segment on the Death Clock, **you die**.
- Lose Dying upon healing to at least 1 HP.
### Unconscious
- While Unconscious, you cannot act or react in any way, in or out of combat.
- Lose Unconscious after 1 hour, or upon taking Harm three times.

### Hidden
- You cannot be targeted by Moves or abilities that don't have [Seeking](../04_Compendium/04.2_Keywords.md/#seeking).
- Lose Hidden upon using a Move or taking Harm.